docs(hrr): add decode-and-triage agent skill and user README (#8747)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/clr/hipamd/src/hrr/README.md

# HIP Record & Replay (HRR)

HRR captures HIP API traces into a binary archive and replays them on a live GPU for bug reproduction and validation.

| Doc | Purpose |
|-----|---------|

> | [DESIGN.md](DESIGN.md) | Full architecture, archive format, limitations, build system |

Reviewer: This table seems a bit much to refer to a single doc. It is not clear why the doc appears here, and why it needs a table when a bullet point or sentence would also work.

Author: Done in e081fbc35b: replaced the table with a single sentence linking to DESIGN.md.

> 

Reviewer 2: Add the following section

```
## DISCLAIMER

The information presented in this document is for informational purposes only and may contain technical inaccuracies, omissions, and typographical errors. The information contained herein is subject to change and may be rendered inaccurate for many reasons, including but not limited to product and roadmap changes, component and motherboard versionchanges, new model and/or product releases, product differences between differing manufacturers, software changes, BIOS flashes, firmware upgrades, or the like. Any computer system has risks of security vulnerabilities that cannot be completely prevented or mitigated.AMD assumes no obligation to update or otherwise correct or revise this information. However, AMD reserves the right to revise this information and to make changes from time to time to the content hereof without obligation of AMD to notify any person of such revisions or changes.THIS INFORMATION IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS.” AMD MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENTS HEREOF AND ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS THAT MAY APPEAR IN THIS INFORMATION. AMD SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL AMD BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY RELIANCE, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, EVEN IF AMD IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, and combinations thereof are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Other product names used in this publication are for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective companies.

© 2026 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

```

Author: Done in e081fbc35b: added the DISCLAIMER section to README.md (matching the OpenCL README template, © 2026).

> ## Quick start

Reviewer: Generally, having a header like **Quick Start** with another header directly below it is unnecessary. Maybe just promote the **Capture** header?

Author: Done in e081fbc35b: removed the nested Quick start header and promoted Capture to a top-level section.

Details: [DESIGN.md § Build System](DESIGN.md#build-system).

## Inspecting and replaying captures

Point at a specific `pid-<pid>/` subdirectory when the capture root has multiple processes.

**Summary only (no GPU):**

```bash
hrr-playback ./my_capture.hrr/pid-<pid>/ --info
```

**Full replay** (Windows or Linux; requires AMD GPU and matching `hrr-playback` + HIP libraries):

```bash
hrr-playback ./my_capture.hrr/pid-<pid>/
```

**HIP library matching:** `hrr-playback` must load the same `libamdhip64` it was built against. If native replay fails with a symbol/version error (e.g. `hip_7.14 not found` from `/opt/rocm/lib`), either run with only the build tree on `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`:

```bash
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<clr-build>/hipamd/lib
hrr-playback ./my_capture.hrr/pid-<pid>/
```

Point `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` at the same `<clr-build>/hipamd/lib` used for capture when
`/opt/rocm/lib` triggers a symbol/version mismatch.

Useful flags when debugging a fault or hang: `--sync-after-launch`, `--sync-watchdog-ms N`, `--progress-seconds S`, `--trace-kernels`. See [Configuration reference](#configuration-reference) below.

## Configuration reference

> User-facing capture, replay, and validation knobs. Implementation details remain in [DESIGN.md](DESIGN.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-facing capture, replay, and validation knobs. Implementation details can be found in [DESIGN.md](DESIGN.md).
```

Author: Done in e081fbc35b: applied your suggested wording for the configuration reference intro.
